docs: clarify sourcemap options (#4372)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

- **Type:** `boolean | 'inline' | 'hidden'`
- **Default:** `false`

>   Generate production source maps. If true, a separate sourcemap file will be created. If "inline", the sourcemap will be appended to the resulting output file as a data URI. "hidden" works like true except that the corresponding sourcemap comments in the bundled files are suppressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Generate production source maps. If `true`, a separate sourcemap file will be created. If `'inline'`, the sourcemap will be appended to the resulting output file as a data URI. `'hidden'` works like `true` except that the corresponding sourcemap comments in the bundled files are suppressed.
```
